Title:			Group Project 03
Purpose:		Weekly Project Meeting
Date:			30/10/2012
Author:			James Bowcott (jab41)
Version:		1.0
Circulation:		cs-group-03 mailing list
Place of meeting:	Llandinam C55
Persons present:	James Bowcott, Shaun Close, Marcus Harrison, Craig Heptinstall, Aled Morgan, Kamilia Tacickaja, Kyle Vaughan
Persons missing:	Simon Evans, Scott Roe

Matters arising:

* Discussion of what was achieved at yesterday's review meeting
* The project plan was deemed final at yesterday's review meeting after some fixes, which were quickly enacted. The final document source was committed yesterday evening.
* Tools for UML diagrams. Kamilia recommended ObjectAid (www.objectaid.com), a plugin for Eclipse. Marcus recommended StarUML.
* Problems with SVN
  - The organisation of the SVN repository was incorrect and did not conform to the specifications as set out in SE QA 08.
  - This was noted yesterday via email and Marcus refactored the structure before the meeting 
  - During this refactoring, documentation was placed in the wrong folder, and should be under docs, not man.
  - There seems to be a lack of or confusion of versioning policy, and duplicate/unnecessary copies of documents
  - Documents should be assigned a Task ID
  - Only the documentation source (LaTeX) should be committed to the repository, and not PDF copies.
  - For tools, Eclipse should provide a consistent environment across platforms.
  - Again, DO NOT MANAGE FOLDERS USING STANDARD O.S. FILE MANAGEMENT. All organisation should be done through a SVN client.
* Gantt chart
  - The Gantt Chart is not adequate for use during the project, and will require some work.
  - There needs to be more detail, listing the tasks that need to happen to deliver a deliverable.
  - It should be so that tasks overlap, as there will be more than one task happening at once for a deliverable.
  - There should be 'milestones' in addition to deliverable deadlines.
  - The time scale needs to be more specific than just weeks.
  - For the project plan this Gantt chart will do. But a better Gantt chart should be produced as soon as possible as this will aid project management greatly, and will be needed for the final report.
* Standards meeting
  - James is to attend the Standard Meeting on Wednesday.


New business:

* Project Plan
  - A PDF copy of the plan needs to be submitted to the appropriate place on BlackBoard (as of time of writing this has been done)
* Testing plan
  - A draft of the testing plan should start to be produced.
  - A group has been formed to produce the testing plan: Kyle, Craig and Aled
  - This group should try to have meetings to collaborate on the plan.
* Design plan
  - A group has been formed to produce the design plan: Scott, James, Shaun and Kamilia
  - Again, the group should try and plan meetings.


Actions:

* Move documentation in the repo from the man folder to the docs folder.
* Clean up the docs folder, removing duplicates and PDF files. Ensure versioning and task ID's are set.
* All members, especially Marcus, should read up in SE QA 08 on how to properly use the SVN repository.
* Scott needs to improve/redo the Gantt chart, to provide more detail of tasks, not just deadlines, and a finer grain timescale.