Title:			Group Project 03
Purpose:		Weekly Project Meeting
Date:			20/11/2012
Author:			Simon Evans (sie5)
Version:		1.0
Circulation:		cs-group-03 mailing list
Place of meeting:	Llandinam C55
Persons present:	Simon Evans, Scott Roe, Aled Morgan, Kami, James Bowcott, Craig Heptinstsall, Marcus Harrison, Shaun Close
Persons missing:	None

Main Business:
* Design spec in for the friday of week beginning 3rd - 7th December, demo for 11th in Tuesday's slot
* SVN tags/branches - would be best if the whole project was tagged, as a snapshot for each stage.If the design (for example) moves on, and requires a change to the testing, group can quickly look back through tags for the correct version
* James is developing the prototype, feeding his findings from that into the design spec. 
* Major classes decided upon
* Relationships between monsters and owners, programming constructs have to be obvious for the prototype
* Prototype detail should be down to the methods used
* Authentication: Local/Remote, login form based authentication with password hashing
* James has written a filter for logging in - making sure admin users only get admin rights
* JPA to create the tables

Design spec:
* James - server-server
* Marcus - model, implementation of the monsters, genetics, age rate, etc
* Kami - webpage styles, difference in pages that user/admin sees, etc.
* Review meeting 1: Wednesday 28th, design team + Kyle + Craig + Scott

Standards progress:
* James is submitting a draft spec today to the Facebook group, will email Bernie
* 10-11 other groups to communicate with
* HTTP/REST/JSON/Data design under consideration
* Attributes/fight details are currently not agreed upon across groups
* Breeding/market discussed but not decided upon


